Add some starter tips for developing against the cluster operator (#2)
halter/valkey-cluster-operator: README.md

What is **NOT** implemented:
- Valkey version upgrades. Right now only version 8.0.2 of Valkey is supported
- Services. The only way to connect to the Valkey cluster is via the pod IP.

## Prerequisites

In order to develop on `valkey-cluster-operator`, you'll want to install the following tools:

> - [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation), used to spinning up a local Kubernetes cluster to install the operator into, as well as execute e2e tests against

Author: ```suggestion
- [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation), used for spinning up a local Kubernetes cluster. This is use to install the operator, as well as to execute e2e tests against the running operator (and the resources it manages)
```
